[Music]
well you guys asked for it and this is
the big brother to the k60 the coarser
vengeance k9t keyboard now I made a
mistake I would say a fairly fairly
large mistake when I was doing my
unboxing of the k60 and I said at the
time although I corrected it by the end
of the video I said at the time that I
thought the k60 had blue backlighting I
was wrong because I thought both the k60
in the k9t had blue backlighting and my
only experience with these keyboards at
all up to that time had been with the
k9t so now when I talk about the wicked
awesome individually backlit keys I
would be correct because the k9t is a
gorgeous looking keyboard in the dark
with it's beautifully individually
backlit keys so something else to bear
in mind about the backlight is that it
does shine through these laser etched
numbers which are not printed that's
right they are etched so that means that
no matter what no matter how many times
you press on any key on this keyboard it
will always stay well illuminated and
distinctly numbered or lettered
according to how the manufacturer
intended okay so let's get the keyboard
oh you got a warranty guide here which
is gonna tell us some little something
about our probably two-year warranty I
believe
[Music]
yeah okay you know what I think the
packaging for course they're usually oh
there we go its two-year warranty okay
so two year warranty we've got a Quick
Start Guide which probably pretty much
hit oh that's great
full-color illustration of plug the
things into the thing also download the
software for managing your macro
profiles and whatnots from Corsair comm
slash vengeance k9t alright so that's
all pretty self-explanatory what else we
got in here we have any rest rest rest
rest can make or break a keyboard and
one of the ways they make a keyboard is
by being shaped and well and supporting
your wrist in a in a fashion that is uh
you know good
and one of my favorite wrist rests of
all time is actually on the SteelSeries
7g which is also a mechanical keyboard
like this one more on mechanical in a
bit and the way that they can usually
break a keyboard it is by breaking and
that often comes down to the mechanism
employed by the manufacturer to attach
the rest rest to the keyboard which is
usually just you know a couple of little
metal tabs although these ones seem to
be fairly well built I can put a lot of
pressure on them they're not going
anywhere
so Corsair has sort of seen that
probably in action I mean there guys are
I've met a lot of the force their team
and their total enthusiasts so they've
probably encountered wrist rest breakage
in the past actually my own g15 has has
a broken wrist rest which is one of the
reasons that it's no longer in service
so what they did is it went okay let's
one up the rest of the industry and
let's put check this out thumb screws
which you can also screw in with a
Phillips head screwdriver which might
actually be easier based on my
experience with my fingers here thumb
screws in the sides to make sure also
all look at this look at this so it
keeps it from going too far here okay
with the shape of this lip and then
keeps it from coming up too far once
again with this rather than putting all
the pressure on these little plastic
clips which no matter how well you build
them are prone to brain
so way to go of course they're for
seeing what everyone else is doing and
seeing why it was wrong and fixing it
with a you know three cent piece of
metal excellent love it okay well
actually you know what why don't we
finish up on the bottom here before we
go I say look at that accidentally like
went too far and it's fine
we've got a couple of these little hide
adjust tilt the dusty dudes we've got
one two three four five six seven rubber
non-slip grip e feet um some experts
believe that it the use of any keyboard
may cause serious injury so like be
careful and stuff
alright let's flip this back over so I
think we're done with the underside of
the keyboard why don't we go ahead and
I'll show you guys the pass through here
so this beak okay here
so it's labeled with two arrows that
means pass through that's the one that
actually runs the keyboard so it's a
pass through which means that this is a
fully powered and fully speeded USB 2.0
port because there's no actual hub
splitting going on inside the keyboard
so you go ahead you plug your mouse in
there or you plug your mouse directly
into the back you plug a USB key in
there it's all gonna work just fine
so yes mechanical keyboards this is a
mechanical keyboard at least most of the
keys commonly used for typing are
mechanical so the only keys on this
keyboard that are not mechanical are
these ones right here the macro key is
part of the reason that course are opted
to go with a regular well now these days
it's a regular dome switch key for these
guys is because they wanted them on a
different plane than the main keyboard
so see how these are quite a bit lower
down than the rest of the keyboard this
is actually for a very interesting
reason now if you've ever owned a G 50
and I have a D 15 Gen 1 which was kind
of the first keyboard to really do the
whole matrix of programmable keys over
here
you've probably pressed this key instead
of your escape any number of times so
you go for escape you go oh why isn't
escape working so that was why they went
and they put these down lower so that
you can easily tell when you're
operating the keyboard when you reach
the edge of the real
keyboard and the beginning of the macro
keys so that's very cool
you've got three profiles for these so
you've got eighteen keys times three
profiles right there and you can manage
that using the Corsair software
you know actually another thing we
haven't quite finished up with yet is
the wrist rest so it uses like a
rubberized dimpled feel actually feels
very nice it's like Merle it's like a
soft touch type material yeah yeah quite
nice and should be fairly durable just
based on how deep the dimples are so it
should maintain that textured surface
which i think is great for gaming gear
because if you're gonna sit there and
use it for a long time a lot of the time
you can get sweat on it which means that
if it has those recesses then you'll
still maintain that bat slight
grittiness even in the presence of palm
moisture so yeah that's good uh what
else oh yeah yeah yeah mechanical so
mechanical keys ah everything but these
guys the f keys all on the top here and
then this block of keys right here
these are mechanical these are all
mechanical can you hear the difference
okay so the reason course are opted for
partially mechanical is because all of
the typing all of the actual typing
surfaces are going to give you that that
typing feedback that a lot of people do
desire and then the other ones that are
very much less frequently used things
like you know Escape and f9 and page up
and page down are not mechanical the
number pad is the arrow keys are let's
have a look at some of the other
functionality here so we've got our
media keys so there's your volume scroll
wheel this is one of the better
implemented volume scroll wheels I've
seen in the past got that nice this is
not a sticker this is an actual texture
to the to the wheel so it's very nice
mute button stop back pause for word
there are your LED indicators of your
number lock caps lock and scroll lock
you got a Windows disabled key and
backlight control yes this one actually
does have a backlight mechanical keys
let's see if I can take one of these off
fairly easily how about this one
No okay there we go okay so these are
cherry MX red keys the actual
preferences vary dramatically from
person to person
what kind of keys they prefer so really
the solution is probably to try them
very shortly we're actually going to
have Corsair keyboards and pretty much
every NCIX store for you guys to just
sit in front of them and play around
with them a little bit because all
mechanical Keys whether they're Browns
blacks blues reds I think there's even a
clear one but those are a lot less
common do have a slightly different feel
a slightly different sound of course
they are determined that for their
purposes the Reds were the most
desirable for as a balance between
gaming and typing another thing that
you're gonna see here next to the red
mechanical switch right there is
actually one of the things that's I do
like about them though is they're fairly
quiet compared to some of the other
mechanical keys is that is your blue
light and so every single key has one of
those lights and it not only illuminates
the key but also kind of the area around
it on the aluminum backboard that is
part of this keyboard so one of the
things you might notice about it if you
see here is there's actually quite a bit
of space under the keys between the
actual the the rigid backplane and the
keys themselves this makes it a little
bit easier to clean and it also gives it
kind of a unique look I've never seen a
keyboard where they've done this before
because every keyboard does have a
backplane like this sorry I'm still a
little sick that the keys are attached
to but most of them cover it up with
something which often leads to the
accumulation of dust and dirt and
doesn't really serve any other real
purpose a couple times I haven't talked
about yet although I did talk about them
in my k60 overview are the full matrix
artful full key matrix anti-ghosting
which just basically means no matter how
fast you type no matter what
combinations of letters you press you're
not going to accidentally register any
additional additional letters or
anything like that this is more of a
software feature it's built into the
software of the keyboard to make sure
that everything is registered
correctly over USB because USB does on
some keyboards that don't implement
these features USB does have some
limitations another one of the
limitations of USB is that typically you
can only press I believe it's six keys
at a time so 1 2 3 4 5 6 and the last
one will not be registered at all
what Corsair has done is they've given
you up to a 20 keys so that's a 20 key
rollover where you can actually yes
press 5 6 7 8 9 and like you can press
20 keys before it will actually stop
registering keystrokes which is pretty
much the practical limit of actually I'd
say that's above the practical limit of
how many keys most people can press at a
given time I just want to make sure
there's nothing I've missed here you
guys could actually I never even showed
you guys the box really
so there's Corsair to look at it fully
customizable profiles 36 kilobytes of
onboard memory it sounds like a really
old computer hey I bet I bet if you
showed this to sone you're like yeah
it's about 36 km emery on a keyboard
they'd be like oh that's crazy
sorry I digress yeah yeah last thing I
want to do is I do want to put this in
for you guys and I'm gonna turn off the
lights in here so I'm just gonna go
ahead and run this around to the back
end of my test bench here we're gonna
plug that into a USB 3 port just for
giggles so you guys so I can say it's
USB 3 compatible of whoo
ok and then you know hey I'll show you
guys in the light first there you go it
has just a beautiful beautiful backlit
look because not only are the keys
illuminated but you also see a very
distinct glow behind the keys themselves
remember guys here it's pan around and
have a look at the lights we've gotten
here so yeah on the other side so this
is in my my little tech tips filming
room here and that is how much you can
still see the blue so I'm gonna go ahead
and turn these like ah 1 2 3 and you'll
see how much that's gonna stand out in
the dark this is one of the strongest
back lights that I've seen on a gaming
keyboard yet and as I said before one of
the most striking looking because of the
individually backlit keys and the way
that the the back board for the keyboard
itself is a little bit for
other away so it gives it a bit more
room for the glow to spread out just
looks outstanding in the dark so I think
that pretty much covers it I'll turn one
of these back back on just so you can
see me again thank you for checking out
my unboxing and first look at the
Corsair Vengeance k9 t don't forget to
subscribe to latest tech tips from
unboxings reviews another